oppression
everyone
beautiful
love
yourself
assumption
unworthiness
mistreatment
consciousness
work
dismantlers
money
tool
oppression
time
society
oppression
right
oppressor
oppressed
vulnerability
death
forms
carbon monoxide
day
new normal
systems
policies
laws
people
humanity
others
eyes
blind
pity
unconsciousness
thinking
limitation
oppression
condition
potential
myself
system
status quo
oppression
mistreatment
everywhere
institution
government
school
family
life
choice
entrance
voices
views
oppression
orientation to reality
fear
education
diploma
academia
oppression
violence
body
family
home
land
freedom
movement
environment
there are many ways to fight oppression, but violence must be considered and not equated to becoming the oppressor when used against it
a large group of people objecting and being ignored despite protest so surprising it happens the whole time now
oppression a social often internalized burden of limit, extra work, violence, silence threat and lens mobilized by power structures, fear, politics greed
oppression my body, life, and my thoughts are controlled, denied, and questioned. it is something destructive
I frequently come up against the layers of cultural normativity in love. hetero, monogomous, white cultures extending from property-bond institutions seem to bar me from my innate approach of love as free, organic expression
It's pretty surprising how easy it is to oppress others. It's too bad though.
Fear and loathing.
Why doesn't your intake form allow for multiple answers/identities. This binary perpetuates oppression...
Language and rhetoric of self-hate and doubt.
Oppression is shaming with the intent of controlling another.
Shaving and make up.
Internalized racism.
The system seems to require an endless stream of never ending forms of violence just to be a part of civilization, especially since the solution to every problem is to kill someone.
Oppression has no inherent existence and is only manifested, created anew, each moment A69
Oppression is a state of being and a pit in my stomach
2 white male co-teachers
Access to resources. Validated subjective experiences. Surface/expurgate encoded symbolism/attribution. Develop curiosity. Rehearse listening. Put in institutional safe guards.
Mortality
It's unjust and unfair. Hatred on others for no real reason.
Fashion
To be free from oppression I will work in the community to help others be free
I will embrace my uniqueness more and more to free myself from oppression
It's easy to ignore how we are oppressing others and hard to peel away at our blind spots
Fake news
White men repeating things I say, but using more words and saying less
Oppression may not be mine to suffer, but it is mine to resist
Oppression is a complex disease that affects each and every individual, whether they are the oppressor or the oppressed
Oppression is lack of freedom, inside and out. When you don't feel as a human being you are oppressed no matter how much money you have or where you live
People who oppress others should be imprisoned (or otherwise)
Oppression feels like not loving myself over and over
When I fell asleep ...
Oppression is so pervasive that it's tough to know it when you see it. It' always leaves the oppressed person questioning, "am I making too much of a big deal out of my poor treatment?"
Oppression is the reduction of options, the stripping of agency. It's the norm. Feeling free is a moment where you can forget about restrictions.
All unacknowledged privileges of the majorities impact on those without, keeping the cycle going undeterred
When I scored a goal
I used to feel a lot more oppression than I do now that I'm older and several laws were passed
Inability to try and listen and understand
Loathing my body every morning, night, week...
