to solve oppression tell everyone you meet that they are beautiful and you love them tell yourself that you are beautiful and in love
oppression is the inaccurate assumption of someone's unworthiness and mistreatment of them based on that inaccurate assumption
as our collective consciousness rises with work and home we must dismantle systemic and functional oppressions despite others labeling dismantlers as heretical
money is the tool of oppression
it has existed for a long time but the more interconnected society becomes the more oppression seems to make a name for itself
oppression is not a right
the oppressor oppresses because he is weak and threatened by the oppressed
group differentiated vulnerability to premature death
forms of oppression are ubiquitous like carbon monoxide
sometimes I can't breathe but I don't know it because every day is a new normal
systems policies laws that oppress people should be abolished
oppression is not recognizing humanity in others
it's not keeping our eyes open
it's letting ourselves be blind
pity
why can't we all live how we want, love whom we want, feel what we feel?
oppression feels like unconsciousness
it's crazy how in such a developed world there is still unjust ways of thinking
for me limitation is oppression
it is a condition where you know you can do more but you can't fully live up to your potential
I've oppressed myself by not being the person I want to be
I oppress myself more than I oppress others 10 to 1
the electoral system makes me feel oppressed it's clearly designed to maintain the status quo the powerful stay powerful
oppression to me feels like unfair mistreatment of others
it's everywhere sometimes big sometimes small
it can be institution like government school or famkily
I never wanted my life to be like this I had no choice
the last time I felt oppressed was when I tried to make it to this exhibit it was blocked by the event in the entrance their voices are valid by they are blocking other voices and views
oppression is being forced to maintain a fixed orientation to reality
being too afraid to speak for fear of saying something wrong or offensive
I felt oppressed when a job interviewer made me feel bad about my education she asked what I was going to do with my phd diploma now that I was looking for a job outside of academia
oppression is systemic and political violence against the body, the family, the home, the land, the freedom of movement and the environment
there are many ways to fight oppression, but violence must be considered and not equated to becoming the oppressor when used against it
a large group of people objecting and being ignored despite protest so surprising it happens the whole time now
oppression a social often internalized burden of limit, extra work, violence, silence threat and lens mobilized by power structures, fear, politics greed
oppression my body, life, and my thoughts are controlled, denied, and questioned. it is something destructive
I frequently come up against the layers of cultural normativity in love. hetero, monogomous, white cultures extending from property-bond institutions seem to bar me from my innate approach of love as free, organic expression
It's pretty surprising how easy it is to oppress others. It's too bad though.
Fear and loathing.
Why doesn't your intake form allow for multiple answers/identities. This binary perpetuates oppression...
Language and rhetoric of self-hate and doubt.
Oppression is shaming with the intent of controlling another.
Shaving and make up.
Internalized racism.
The system seems to require an endless stream of never ending forms of violence just to be a part of civilization, especially since the solution to every problem is to kill someone.
Oppression has no inherent existence and is only manifested, created anew, each moment A69
Oppression is a state of being and a pit in my stomach
2 white male co-teachers
Access to resources. Validated subjective experiences. Surface/expurgate encoded symbolism/attribution. Develop curiosity. Rehearse listening. Put in institutional safe guards.
Mortality
It's unjust and unfair. Hatred on others for no real reason.
Fashion
To be free from oppression I will work in the community to help others be free
I will embrace my uniqueness more and more to free myself from oppression
It's easy to ignore how we are oppressing others and hard to peel away at our blind spots
Fake news
White men repeating things I say, but using more words and saying less
Oppression may not be mine to suffer, but it is mine to resist
Oppression is a complex disease that affects each and every individual, whether they are the oppressor or the oppressed
Oppression is lack of freedom, inside and out. When you don't feel as a human being you are oppressed no matter how much money you have or where you live
People who oppress others should be imprisoned (or otherwise)
Oppression feels like not loving myself over and over
When I fell asleep ...
Oppression is so pervasive that it's tough to know it when you see it. It' always leaves the oppressed person questioning, "am I making too much of a big deal out of my poor treatment?"
Oppression is the reduction of options, the stripping of agency. It's the norm. Feeling free is a moment where you can forget about restrictions.
All unacknowledged privileges of the majorities impact on those without, keeping the cycle going undeterred
When I scored a goal
I used to feel a lot more oppression than I do now that I'm older and several laws were passed
Inability to try and listen and understand
Loathing my body every morning, night, week...
 
